Alright,
so so today we are so happy to have
buffet doctor Fei Lee to join our class.
And Fei is a senior manager at the
venture partnership at Posey Center for
Entrepreneurship and Innovation at the
OK.
University of Chicago.
So then,
so I I believe Fei will be briefly
talking about what the policy center is
doing and then also he's inside of.
How investment trends going?
Going through.
This this kind of interesting time.
So then for for for AI, right?
So then this is something that we're
interested in.
And then Fei will be focusing on AI for
drug discovery and startups.
So we'll leave the stage to FEI and and
and we have this one recorded.
So thank you faitu for coming here and I
think you you can go ahead and start.
OK.
Thank you, Eric.
Good evening everyone.
So first of all,
it's really my great pleasure to be here
at Marquette University classroom.
Virtually, I want to thank you,
Professor Eric again,
for the kind invitation.
I'm fairly currently work as a University
of Chicago Center for Entrepreneurship
and Innovation.
Post Center is the commercialization
engine that advances innovative ideas.
And technologies from the University of
Chicago.
Ecosystems to the world.
So we have incubated a few hospit brand
name companies such as Grubhub and
Braintree, which was part of the PayPal.
As a typical presentations of our poster
child companies that we are very proud of
that we incubated here in new Chicago.
So today I want to share some insights on
AI for drug discovery and startups that
we are supporting here at U Chicago.
Can you hear me clearly?
OK.
So as a local who lives in Milwaukee,
I also have to explain how I work for you.
Chicago.
The university still operates in a hybrid
mode,
so I go to Chicago one day or two days a
week, either by train or by driving.
So my talk today here comes in those
three parts and the first part is about
what positives and what I do hoping to
unlock some resources for those of you
who are thinking about a student
entrepreneurship because.
Those other resources could be helpful
for you for you down the road.
Then I will quickly go through the
current private market investing trends
and dynamics. As Eric explained,
it could be very interesting during this
turbulent times and the last part where I
will shed some light on AI can do
interrupt discoveries because that's kind
of.
People think about AI,
what they can do to transform another
industry, and it's happening right now.
Originally originally established as
Chicago Bulls in 1998.
The Pals Center has provided over two
decades of venture support for students
who are interested in entrepreneurship
and robust training for students that
want to pursue a career in venture
capital and private equity.
So the namesake prosky is a generous gift
from university trustee and Chicago Booth
alum Mike Poste.
Who got his MBA?
In 1987.
From the University of Chicago.
And he decided to donate the middle
fortune by his own efforts,
try to endow a certain polar amount to
make the namesake submission to expand.
Include additional focus on supporting
all the university faculty inventors in
commercializing their discoveries.
That's part of my job to help support the
faculty members as well.
So today the Polsky Center is a 60% team.
That supports 3 or 4 aspects of what we
do here like entrepreneurship, education,
venture support and funding, technology,
commercialization and licensing,
and the corporate partnerships and the
industry relationships.
Because with the university,
our main focus and mission is to train
the next generation of entrepreneurs by
doing it.
Alone, we cannot be successful,
so we have to.
Rely on other resources.
To make it happen.
Way to come to innovation and investing.
We provide both technologies and funding
on the science and technology innovations.
We are supporting sponsored research and
IP protection and business licensing
where we fund you know,
first protect the the research bodies the
professor discovered on campus,
then find a partner who wants
commercialized that technology and take
to the next step to the marketplace.
So that's where the technology
commercialization is all about here shows
the stats.
Of our licensing data.
The data here is based on year 23.
It's a little bit outdated.
That the year we brought back $19 million
from licensed revenue just put it into
perspective.
This put us on the top 25 in the nation.
That's in terms of licensing,
the first will be that year will be
University of Pennsylvania because the MI
vaccine that gave them over a billion
dollar market.
Revenue back to the university.
So that's where we look up to.
From internally there will 193.
Disclosures, which is the first step,
relate to pattern filing and then last
year the number in 2024 is over 250.
You can see it grows significantly.
So there are certain IP licenses within
university and the industry partners and
we support.
The formation of seven science based
trials,
which use the core technologies developed
on campus as the foundation technology of
their companies.
So in addition,
you know the postgre center also have 78
patents issued in 2023 and this year last
year was over 100,
so under venture support and investment
sites,
our center also provide access to
startups in terms of resources and
capital we do that.
By investing or Co investing with other
investors, we found along the network.
Moreover, to make sign up more attractive.
Something we to start programming and
accelerators to train the staff founders
and support them with the resources
within the ecosystem.
Right now we have 3 accelerated raters
which are open to public.
So that's why when you think about,
you know if you want to startups,
please think about us where we can help
you because we are neighbors very close
so.
They're they're very close and then they
have enough folks.
This.
If you want to start your startups and
then consider posting sender who is a
University of Chicago.
These acquisitions, you know,
do not have to be you Chicago operations
and accept applications in cleantech,
which is the resurgence data science in
the AI,
which is the transform and the duality
which is the quantum accelerator,
the first of the nation.
So that's the area. As Eric mentioned,
you can explore if you are interested.
We are also providing pre seeded funding
through the different vehicles.
The new venture challenge is one of the
top business for pitch competition.
That supports transformative business
ideas that could become the categorical
start winners down the road.
So last year.
The price.
The price and pool gets bigger and the
1st place winners in the past two years
gets over $1 million home as their
startup founding.
So that means when you finish the
competition,
you know you already have one over $1
million, close two winners in your bank.
If you have win the 1st place.
But the criteria for that is you have to
be you Chicago and one participant member
has to be a boost.
MBA students in order to be eligible.
The university endowments,
which is a $10 billion enterprise,
also directly investing you you Chicago
startups.
But that will come at a later stage like
Feed or Series A.
Once the startups are in better shape or
further DE risked.
Besides Business School,
the Porsche Center also work with other
innovation bodies within the university,
such the Ardo National Lab and Fermi Lab.
Fermi National Lab,
which provide world class computing,
computational power and also, you know,
guide the infection disease treatments.
The medical school here offers facilities
to conduct.
Clinical research and a clinical trials,
which are essential before new drug is
approved.
By the FDA,
which elaborate later during the last
part of my talk,
the preschool School of Molecular
Engineering develops engineers,
therapeutic platforms that transform how
drugs are made.
In addition to these highlight in the
circle are Chicago has over 150
interdisciplinary institutes and centers
that position itself.
Unique to meet the frontiers of
innovation and commercializations.
So as I said earlier,
so we work with all parts of the
university and to find resources and talk
about AI for drug discovery,
because that's the majority of our work
focus on drug discovery, life science,
because that's what we do here.
Will be very interesting.
So these slides,
summer is a summary of postdezenter
science based startups.
Over the past the past 10 years from like
I put a Mark 2016 to now 2024.
Overall,
the Postgy center startups have raised
over $300 million in the past four years.
Like most of the like most of the
startups, university in the pipeline.
The majority of the startups concentrates
in the pre seed and seed level because
that's where you know.
Most the nature of the university is
being us. The professor has ideas.
Have an idea?
They come to the professors,
come to us to see with how we support
them,
so we provide them with some staff and
money to get that kick started.
So.
And moving along the stages towards later
stage you see the start number of
startups similar.
That's also the the nature of which are
investing the game of how the game is
played,
because during each stage some startups
may not work out.
So there will be no further funding and
some turns out to be further the risk
along the pipeline make investors more
interested.
So that's how.
We think about investing.
So for the most of the $300 million
raised.
Is posted by two stars.
Lines of peaks on quality,
which on Ipo's in 2021.
The other one is AI for protein design
company raise a 54 mill in 2023 that was
backed by NVIDIA and Microsoft.
As not have a traditional sense of
engineering school like unlike
Marquette's so most of us are from
medical school Cancer Research center,
Monica engineering, chemistry departments,
et cetera.
So in addition to life,
science and biotech.
We have a few startups in the AI and
quantum space like the meta microscope,
which I will explain later about what we
do here and then the MQ,
which is a quantum computing company that
provides a different alternative that
could serve the challenges in traditional
quantum computing.
One example I want to share with you is a
company called Net microscope.
So you can see it's just too much.
Too many company at this moment.
Maybe they grow.
They hired a few folks and recently it
was founded by two computer science
professors, Nick Framser,
who works in at U Chicago,
and Francesco Brunzino,
who works in France.
French university.
They work together to create this idea
about intelligent network operations.
How they want to network and border both
are experts in these fields,
so you may wonder why networking network
monitoring is important when you watch
YouTube or Netflix,
you have to be frictionless streaming
experience to make you experience platin.
Otherwise,
if there's a glitch here and there,
make your experience very.
Uncomfortable.
So that's why it's important to know how
your network provider performs on a high
level.
And for different users,
what's the problem?
The problem?
Nick was trying to solve is that when
users face network disruptions,
network operators have lost data,
lack of action insights when they look at
the data comes to them.
Let's say what they want to do to improve
the experience or operation experience,
user experience. So Nick and Fr.
Believe that the actionable insights
could be valuable.
Which could receive time and money.
That's two factors.
We care more in most of the case they
target that the one become the open eye
of for networking.
So they found in that microscope about
two years ago.
So it's very early.
The technology is still risks through
initial customer deployment and
deployments.
This is also an important concepts when
you have idea you want to have real
customers who want to pay you to buy your
product or service so that.
Will give the investors some confidence.
Why this will be important.
So then my job here is you make.
Them.
Understand how cyber work because
professors working on university,
their main focus is on research.
We deal with commercialization.
They have to.
Rely on us on to provide more guidance
and when they come to startup raising
money you need to show investors what
your plans are.
If you get the money and how you're going
to use it.
Here is how it looks like,
like like a timeline for the next 12 to
18 months.
Sometimes 24 to 36 months on cash burn
situation.
You have to be specific in this case,
not a microscope.
Has Comcast as their first paying
customer and use Chicago as the free
trial customer to validate the products?
Of course,
university is not going to pay if they
know Nick developed a product here on
campus.
They have the privilege and access to use
it first.
So.
When I work with them,
I hope them connect to investors.
AI and it space ID infrastructure space I
also called unique on how to talk to
investors because that's gonna be
important skill as as well and hope them
build the business plan especially about
when the investors write their check and
put their belief in you and how will.
They expect like 100, one,
100K become a $1 million or $10 million.
That's kind of the.
The skills or the idea you have to think
about beforehand, talk to investors.
So this is part of my daily job at
Postgis Center.
So for the next few slides I'm going to
switch to the second part of my talk on
current market trends.
Why market trends are important because
like every business,
when you kind of startup is also a supply.
And demand game the difference that is on
the two sides of supply,
demand money and startups.
The investors have money.
Looking startups to invest.
And the startups.
You know,
has the technology has the potential,
but they don't the money.
So you have to find a find a match.
So there is a situation where too much
money takes too few deals,
making the evaluation of stocks hyper
high.
So that could be a problem for several
aspects.
So that's something to bear in mind.
I will explain to you later.
And just a a teaser here.
Does anyone know what this curve?
What this curve is and anyone?
321 nobody.
Fed funds rate.
Say it again.
I don't know.
No,
I was just guessing the Fed fed funds
rate, but probably not.
Actually that is.
So give your name to Eric or some bonus
points.
Yes, exactly.
So that's the.
That's the Fed fund rates the, you know,
in a plain instance is an interest rate
curve more precisely like you mentioned,
is the effective federal funds rate
ranging from 2008 to November 2024.
So you updated right now.
I think it's even even higher.
The first week.
Is before pandemic, right? And the.
And the second.
2020 the Fed dropped the interest rate
because of COVID to stimulate economy and
for the Internet near at the bottom,
close to 0 for two years before
tightening up and raising interest rates.
So why the Fed has to do that?
And why the Fed did that?
And how does that importance of private
investing market?
So that's will be reflected in the
following slides.
When the interest rate is low,
the cost of borrowing is according very
low.
So that's why you see a Pike in Spike in
both deals.
In terms of numbers and the deal counts
like the dollar amounts,
a greater dollar amount invested here in
2021.
Is over across the $80 billion mark each
each of the respective 4 quarters and the
deal counts also skyrocket.
You know, some in some.
Degree close to 5000 in certain quarters.
So that's gonna be insane.
Over $80 billion we invested in.
December 2021 alone.
So after the Fed started to.
Quantum hyphen.
So the number of deals and your values
began to drop significantly because.
The cost of borrowing money began to
increase,
so that will play some burden here as
well.
This graph further explains on the other
side of the vitre capital,
where during the easy Money Times fund
managers raise a record high which
capital in 2021 and 22 each year
respectively over one $60 billion were
raised by.
1500 funds.
So that's from the funds side.
So in addition,
more funds were created in two years.
In those two years.
Compared with the rest of the year,
at least a year, and in 2023 and 2024,
both capital raised and the number of
funds returned to the pre pandemic level.
So it's going to be begin to level off at
some point.
When you come to first time financing,
we're startups get their first check from
institutional investors.
It shows similar trends in 2021 and the
first half of 2022.
Things are going crazy.
And moreover, other than AI,
which is still hot after open AI
introduced the Charter GPT in November
30th 2022, it employs the whole.
Overall capital market,
so that's a good thing,
but the the bad thing is.
We look at people, invest money.
Into a startup as an investment vehicle.
They will expect return at some point,
but during this current strange market
times, you know.
We see when you're capitalist,
put money into something, and the exit,
which means the investors get their money
back either through IPO,
the initial public offering or
acquisition becomes difficult.
That will hold them back.
So.
If you look at the Q 1/20/22 alone,
the exist counts dropped significantly
from over 400 in Q 4/20/21 to about 100.
So that's about threefold decrease.
And suggesting a big influence of
industry rates change on the START
funding activities.
So that's something to keep in mind as
well.
Why is that?
Because when there's no exit and the
investors are very accustomed to put the
money to work, so they will put,
they will just stand aside,
watch to see which is the hard deal.
So which has the higher probability of
success instead of investing?
Like they did before.
So there will be more selective.
This graph shows that the dried powder
remains elevated.
Dry powder is the money.
The VC investors stockpile in the bank
and are waiting to be deployed to invest
in startups,
which are very historic high before
pandemic,
you see it's about 1:50 here and each
year after that, after the pandemic hit,
you see the dry powder remains elevated.
So people are.
Thinking about you know how to invest in
or the way they invest traditionally.
After we think about how they.
Allocate their assets so.
And another aspect is will venture
becomes hot before before pandemic.
The fundamentals already decided to
allocate money into the venture business.
But when pandemic hits,
there's not a much deals they could chase,
you know,
release the way to achieve their return
profile.
So they just put the money aside.
So now those investors hold over $300
billion.
Waiting for targets to invest or acquire.
So that's a good thing.
Also a bad thing good is,
you know the investor has money.
The bad thing is, you know,
competition becomes very competitive and
usually.
Previously,
like early stage idea will get some idea.
Now you have to have some, you know,
further DE risks,
actions like customer repaying customers
further de risk technologies like
milestones achieved especially with the
biotech space for them to write you a
check.
Because there's more dry powder in the VC
investors pockets,
they have more power to do bigger deals
and the smaller deals like below $1
million, which is in the blue line here.
Gradually you know becomes less and less
drops over the decades because when the
VCs have.
More money doing a smaller deal that
requires the same kind of attention and
resources for the investors to conduct
due diligence on the startups.
On the technologies.
But when it comes to returning economics,
maybe does not make sense to hope for
them to write a smaller check.
So that's why you know the gradually
shift when they have more money,
they shift it to write bigger checks into
single deals.
That's where you see here.
And for bigger deals, you know,
it's kind of gradually like for the 10 to
25,000,000 range.
That's the early stage these days.
You know previously like the Series B
after Series A.
But now, maybe a seat or Series A.
You get that kind of money and or at 25
or $50 million range?
So you see the interest still high in
those areas because when the funds gets
bigger,
investing those money in those checks
will make sense for them.
Any questions?
So then for the Syrian priest C deals,
as I alluded earlier, of course,
because they have more money,
those deals get much larger.
And if you look at the smaller below,
how many voters is gradually,
you know less than 15%,
but previously was over 40% and for the 1,
000,000 to $5,000,
000 the the range here is kind of level
off. But for five to $10 million.
See the deal numbers get more in the
special.
That's the same case with the 10 to $25
million range and for this one,
I believe it's also increased as well
because of scale. You don't.
You cannot see it here.
And because the investors have more money,
meaning dry powder,
so they have the flexibility to do more
deals and then that because the deal
numbers exist on the market is limited.
So more people chasing their deals that
will drive up the deal value across the
board, so that.
Where you see here,
especially in 2021 when.
Their hard money present so.
The deal medium deal size here gets
inflated across the stages.
Especially for the for the.
Early stage here and then the venture
growth stage because for venture growth
people invest in money in a short time
horizon like three to five years or one,
two or three years hoping it's like a
flip house where you invest the money you
want to get in and.
Quick outs.
So that's how they do it here.
And after that,
you know because of interest rates does
not make sense in those risky assets
anymore.
So that deal like values also dropped a
little bit.
And then you see.
A.
One interesting phenomena here is you
have experienced final managers who have
done this before,
like not raising the first funds.
So they have the type of records.
That's where people will see like
athletes.
You have a record where people will rank
you.
It's the same for major capitalists,
you know,
they are external institutions who
provides ratings for rankings for fund
managers.
To provide provide this as a service.
To Lp's, which is limited,
partners who provide,
who provide money to major capitalists
because major companies normally do not
use their own money,
they source the money from others at
university endowments.
Pension funds Somerville's funds to pull
money together. So as you can see here,
the.
Experienced managers raise more funds
than the emerging firms,
which are the new founder managers.
That means the fund the investing market.
You can really weird for experience once
it's good, but for emerging.
Will be difficult.
So that's kind of how the current.
Virtual Curve environment looks like.
See.
So the terms here you know if you look at
this graph.
If below is a founder friendly and above
is investor friendly so it changes over
time horizon.
Ian.
Before the before the 2022,
as you can tell,
it's founder friendly because the
investors has has more cash and they want
more deals.
So then the founders have the leverage to
say to negotiate the deal terms with the
investors.
When the Fed began to raise interest
rates.
And they gradually shift the momentum
shift to investors and where investors
has leveraged to choose which deal to
invest.
And what on their on their terms?
So that's kind of how it looks at these
days and now it's gonna gradually level
off again because of dynamics change, so.
From the VC universe.
It consists of non traditionally
investors or the corporate virtual
capitalist,
which is investor arm of big corporations
like Intel like Qualcomm or like Google.
So then you have the crossover which
invest both in early stage and the growth
stage and the traditional VCs which
invest in their own you know comfort zone
as you can see here the universe can do
shrink a little bit.
But when the traditional VC investors
gradually leaves the field,
the other players come to the to fill in
their voids.
So overall, as you probably remember,
the founder size gets bigger and also the
dry powder gets more.
So that's where the contributions come
from,
from the non traditional VC investors.
So that's good for.
For startups founders as well.
And then the valuation when you come to
exit, as I mentioned earlier,
during the good times you know,
because there are more money and the
issues are low.
The valuation, the pouring costs are low,
so people are waiting to pay more.
That will drive up to accident value
evaluation as well.
So here is kind of by meeting.
So like the medium.
Us VC exits in typical 2021 is up.
Then $600 million of north.
But after the Fed began to raise interest
rates, you see?
Kind of.
Pierce the bubble so gradually jump to
the ground to one hundred $100 million
range,
which times similar at the previous
levels.
Even lower, right?
Right now it's begin.
People realized that when become more
prudent about deals,
so this level began to level up a little
bit as well.
In these days.
And.
Distribution here is a measurement in
terms of how investors look about.
Look at the dollar amounts they invest in
stocks.
So at some points when the these
investors invest in startups,
they have to return the money. You know,
as a profit back to their investors.
They'll limited partners Lp's.
So right now you see the distribution
remains extremely low because two things,
one department market is very topic
turbulent, so.
The IPO market opens very narrowly.
Then you close it again.
And because.
Another Ave. for exits is acquisition.
Those big corporations also are
struggling to deal with their own problem
like Intel.
So maybe they're not so interesting.
Acquisitions without window is also
closed without exits.
So the money just stay with it,
the startups.
So that's how the distribution remains
historically low.
If you come here,
it's even lower close to the.
2008 or 2009 level.
So it's kind of interesting data to look
at to conclude the second section about
the capital markets.
So for the third part,
I will just briefly give an overview on
truck discovery by training.
I'm a chemist mainly doing discovery work
by working in the lab.
I'm very curious about how AI can
transform this field as well,
because indeed it is making its own mark
into truck discovery and I would like to
share with you guys some insights as well.
So here this graph is from.
The.
A review on Nature reviews in Drug
Discovery published this year.
Early this year,
at least about topic pharma companies and
in terms of therape sales, as you can see,
those former company Johnson Jones App V,
which is based in Chicago, Merck Roch,
Pfizer.
Or billion dollar enterprise like 50 from
33 to $55 billion.
So these are rich companies and if you
look at it here from the data 2023 to
2024,
most of companies saw modest increase in
terms of revenue.
Although there are headwinds in the
company market right now,
that means pandemic.
Or other factors play a role in boosting
their revenue.
And then.
When they have more revenue,
one thing they do is to invest in R&D.
So that leads to how drugs are developed
in the lab.
Drug discovery overall is a very costly
and failure.
Process so.
It consists of like four parts.
One is a discovery and development,
mainly in the lab,
either in academic lab or in a corporate
lab which does similar work to make drugs.
Candidates that could be potentially
useful for for the lab.
So during this phase you want to identify
a compound, either a small molecule.
Or a biologic?
Components.
That was in culture to make it work to
treat a certain disease certain.
Areas that will work.
Then it comes to clinical research.
So in order,
in order to make sure the drug first is
safe to use will not cause any more any
severe the output of severe side effects
and may not cause people to die.
So they won't do animal studies.
To prove that first is effective,
second is safe,
and then we transfer to three phases
clinical trial to conduct how the drugs
are measured.
And for the clinical research it comes is
usually 3 phases, phase one, phase two,
phase three. Phase One is safety.
Phase two is that advocacy phase three is
the largescale clinical trial to make
sure it's traced the disease.
Claim to and the phase four is monitors.
The disease side effects after FDA,
the Federal Drug Administration approved
the drug.
So you just like a market monitoring.
So after that you know.
The Truck Discovery company.
That's biotechs or pharma companies
submitted their experiment data to to the
FDA for regulatory approval and review
and the the.
Certain agencies within the FDA were
designed to make sure the safety,
efficacy and the security of the drugs.
Carefully administered.
To ensure it will not 'cause any you know,
panic or chaos in the market when they
approve,
because that will undermine FDA's
authority.
So that's where that another phenomenon
when you know their budgets cut meeting
the FDA,
the biotech industry will kind of panic
about how will change the drug approval
process because here you see within the
discovery and development the clinical
research alone.
It takes about 645 years and then the
clinical research to complete this week.
Trials required for.
By the FDA seven years.
So that's how together it's 13.5 years.
So it's a very long process and the track
and field at certain points during the
123 phase of trials and after that,
you know it takes another 1 1/2 years for
the FDA to approve.
And one thing I forgot to mention here is.
All the.
All the drugs that are developed here are
patented,
but the patent life is about 20 years.
So that means you only have 13 or 14
years. Some something.
When they approve your drugs so
economically,
you make whether it makes sense or not.
It's another question.
Why certain companies choose to treat
certain areas?
Because they have to think about the
investment return.
Profile as well.
It's kind of this slides kind of a follow
up with the previous slides I showed you
earlier.
So the pharma companies want to show
efficiency.
That's kind of.
With challenges, it takes about 10 years.
As I show in the previous slides about $2.
6 billion truck to just single out one
truck compound.
You started with over 10 thousands
compound kinase screen with.
So how would they do that?
Usually previously just manually based on
experience like I do I make I make a
compound, you know, then honey to the.
Drug. Let me see. Who are they?
So will be the pharma kinetics guys.
Who will test the drug and then?
This one, 10,
000 drug will down select to 250 drugs.
In the pre clinical development,
that means testing team in mice in
monkeys to make sure you know they are
safe and they are effective in treating
certain tumors like cancer, right?
You have cancer tumor.
So you deliberately implant the cancer
tumor into those animals and inject the
drugs to make sure they are effective.
And then.
There will be 5 candidates moved to the
clinical developments.
Know to test efficacy safety effecti S in
treating the claim disease and then also
the large scale safety and effectiveness.
Then after that submits the data across
the different stages to FDA approval and
in the end will be one drug get approved.
So it's a very long, laborious process.
And that's where you know when people
think about AI and the solution here.
To this problem come from like 3 errors.
You know whether like the business model
or worse collaboration and pipeline
diversification early that instead of
testing like Discovery 10,
000 compounds manually, right?
Can you do it with AI instead of you know,
try 22150 compounds.
Can we diversify the pipelines early to
using, you know,
machine learning tools to help us
classify the different different
categories?
Then you know we can remove certain
compounds that we initially supposed to
test,
but we don't need to test because on
computer we already know they were not
going to work.
And also your information of AI as a
universe shift these days towards data
centric drug discovery especially you
know doing we will have data with virus
molecules you test before.
So then you can think about how we can
leverage that data to catch you with
struck discovery.
And last part, last aspect is discovery,
with the newest reported therapeutic
modalities like biologics which use the
biologic and compound instead of a small
molecule to treat disease and then
therapies like different therapy areas
like cell therapy, gene therapy,
something like that.
And then also think about what kind of
like.
Identity you want treats is lung cancer.
Or a brace counter.
So different kinds of different
metabolite is a pathway.
So that's different as well.
And that kind of leads me to.
Share these lies about what are we claim
here?
You know you guys are, you know,
very good error where if I implant AI to
help you do a lot of stuff and here we
can say claim AI can do a lot of
interrupt discoveries.
So this one is a graph adopted from a
trust server today,
but as you can think about.
The.
Weird errors of AI can help you starting
from.
Drug discovery.
Like initial job design at the protein
structure prediction,
because when you put a small molecule
into your body, it has a protein.
The protein has certain structures to
make it compatible with the drug
candidates,
so that's where you think about when
designed the drug skeleton,
where it could make sense for the better
matches the protein and then the drug
protein interaction, right?
And then after the design you have the
screen.
As I should, 10,
000 compounds in the previous slides you
have to.
Screen with the activity,
whether it's it will be good.
To treat the disease,
whether it will be toxic is that means
when you take the drug,
you will not kill people.
And so that's where you can use AI to do
that.
And then the physical chemical properties
prediction like whether it's stolable,
whether it will cause some B.
Problems in other parts of the body.
We want treat lung cancer,
but in your kidney cause some damage your
kidney.
So that's where you do that beforehand.
And then like you can do it with
pharmaceutical product development as
well.
So you use AI to add deciding suitable
experience and the morning turn to modify
the development process,
because then with AI now.
I think about how you can streamline the
whole R&
D process with data embedded in each step
with AM monitoring.
Also,
the Pharmaceut product management like
the market positioning and the market
prediction analysis where you penetrate
the market and what's the responding rate
for market for the market and how the
cost will look like a different group of
across different countries and different
demographies.
And on the other side,
like say when you have a drug candidate.
You want to clinical drug design
monitoring that AI also hope you improve
the success rates of the clinical trial.
By adding some data.
Previously it was unknown,
but now you know it will.
It will cause more artifacts in your
clinical trial that will undercut the
quality of your clinical trial.
And then during the drug manufacturing
process, the quality analysis,
QA and then quality control QC also you
can integrate it together with an AI to
do that.
That's kind of manufacturing I think
right now you the automating
manufacturing to monitor the batch to
batch virus where you think about batch
manufacturing lots will spot it and
that's where we think that as well.
These slides is more about the current AI
for drug discovery landscapes. As you see,
the logos are very small.
I didn't explain to see those small
numbers and it spread into spread into
three,
you know aspects like pharma and CRO
which is contract research organization
which does the research Rd.
work for the farmer.
Or biotech startups like doing the
political validation.
Edward testing screening work and the tag.
Which is the traditional sense,
has not has nothing to do with biotech.
But they want because they know tech.
They know AI.
They want also capture the trends with
the expanding application as well.
And here these reports shows surveyed
about 240 AI companies and 6600 investors
and 990.
Cooperation across different continents
and a take away message here is you see
us still the bellwether for AI investing
in drug discovery in terms of number of
startups and total invested.
And then as I mentioned earlier,
at the very beginning,
a discovery companies are making real
drugs.
So these are the bigger logos you can see
clearly that in which is a company that's
made of Stanford University has raised
over $600 million.
So if you look at different.
Access and different verticals.
Here AI can do a lot of stuff.
For the last AI tool for specific user
case,
let's say monitor the program interaction,
monitor toxicity and also AI for multiple
nodes like across difference aspects of
drug discovery and then the end to end AI
platforms.
That means you can develop a digital
products that's for use that.
DV2, the drug discovery companies.
For them to work on.
To develop real drugs and on the vertical
axis,
you can see these companies work on
different aspect activities like
validation, RMD use cases.
That's where you hope with the screening
preclinical studies and then the
preliminary clinical pipeline,
you will use the AI tool to predict.
The safety,
the toxicity and the clinical pipeline
here is hope you to streamline the.
Clinical trial process and also.
They include the mention above 2 aspects
as well as the integrated service.
MMM.
From the map here,
see the US and EU these investments in AI
discovery.
That's that's kind of explained by
because.
Us and EU, especially us,
are the big powerhouse for enterprise it.
So, which develops those AI tools?
So they have the technology,
they have the capital to back, you know,
to find another use case for their
computational power, so.
For us,
over half of the severe companies based
in us then for EU and UK see close to 30%.
That speaks 80% of the market activities
then in Canada as another 5%,
you can tell in North America and UK and
it,
EU Europe basically dominates in this
direct discovery as well and is worth to
mention that China is catching up in
terms of biotech invest.
And also AI in drug discovery as well
because.
You know the recent release with deep
sick.
Has a lot of user case as well.
Especially I think.
I believe some companies working with
them to develop drugs as well.
Here,
you know it's a map for the top 50 AF for
investors.
Across the map,
you can tell basically you know the most
of the active investors are based in us
because us eventually investors are more
risk tolerance unlike other.
Investors in different geographies.
So there are big thinkers.
They want.
They are willing to take bigger risk to
chase bigger returns.
So that's how you know those top name
brands,
which recovery firms are basing us.
In hallways cost adventures that will Bas
in the Bay Area and also from this map,
you can tell the Bay Area is most active
with more investors least in that area
and the Y Combinator.
Is a top combinator that incubates from
this very early stage.
The priest states that university,
so if you have ideas you know,
try think about whether you can go to Y
Combinator.
That's a very good venue for young guys
that you to think about creating a
company but not biotech, OK.
Biotech. Yeah, is a different game and.
In Illinois,
that the major partners where I worked in
the past, during my time as.
Intern also invest heavily.
That's kind of the top biotech
specialists across the world for
Massachusetts.
That's where biotech is.
Mecca lies because of MIT and Harvard and
others venture General Catalyst,
Server ventures, even the F Prime,
which is the fidelity of the data venture
funds. They are big backers of biotechs,
so they also red checks.
For drug discovery,
so does the RA Capital Management.
With the big ask, the management firm,
basically Massachusetts as well.
So for China is catching up and I think
there are more company more listed here
investing in those areas because with the
maturity of biotech investing in China,
those traditional sense of tech investors
follow their footsteps of their Western
counterparts to chase the deals in those
areas as.
Well.
So for UK it has a few names,
but I'm not too familiar with those,
so I will skip those.
The last slides here regarding this part
is, you know everyone has his own moments.
So that's pharma moments.
Think about when am first started in the
1990s, right?
It's more about the fundamental
breakthroughs in theory,
like deep learning like ALP, et cetera.
Then he gradually involved with the
increased capacity of computational power
and people's intelligence.
Then you know it.
Break up in during the 2018 to 2019
period when our goal was released by
Google and Deep in Mind Group,
you know can release an algorithm can
precisely predict.
Protein structure and create some protein
that will never seen before in nature.
So that leads to them to where the Nobel
Prize.
Lecture last year so.
Then.
Flash forward now because the technology
is more mature and we understand better
about AI and also different process in
drug discovery.
How we can integrate them together?
So there will be a strategic competition
that will be introduced among Ai's tasks.
How we can work together collectively
while still maintain competitive?
So then that will raise to.
A rising wave of investment.
Or and merge and acquisition deals
because when funds get bigger,
is that to make the font more attractive,
it makes sense to acquire small startups
to as their starting points and invest in
fusion new capital to make new
discoveries on top of the starb effort.
Then that will.
Make the investments horizon shorter
instead of 10 years.
15 years you can achieve in six to eight
years.
So that's kind of another game we found
gets bigger.
And the take away here is, you know,
the current investment markets face
uncertainty from both hinge rates and
another is the current policy.
I didn't put up here.
And people, investors like certainty,
right? When there's uncertainty,
will be difficult for them to decide what
to invest and where to invest.
So the two the role of computation tools
in drug discovery.
And developments is coming,
is becoming increasing increasingly
important due to the rapid developments
of computational tools in both
computational chemistry and biology,
especially computational biology,
to improve the research efficiency and
reducing the cost of research and
development.
We believe,
like I hope the entire success of AI
depends on the availability of a
substantial amount of data.
That's gonna be universal across
different spectrums.
In other user case because this data
sometimes often proprietary with.
Within certain organizations,
RMD Center is not a shared publicly,
so it's hard for people to get those data
access to those data and use for some
sort of training.
Provide to the system to make the model
more accurate or applicable.
And lastly,
the decreasing of AI interactive research
not only test the limits of time,
we know AI can shorten the time of job
discovery and also technology gets better,
but also represents the humans request to
chatter territory. Like I said earlier,
with AI can develop proteins that will.
Not exist in nature and it works as a
drug.
And signify a loan and difficult journey
ahead.
So that's where we need, you know,
young man like you guys to join us.
Join hands to this journey to push the
frontiers of technology and innovations
to the next level and benefits the whole
human kind with that.
You know,
I know it's kind of a little fast to
overview.
I want to thank you for your attention,
and here's my contact information and.
I'm I'm open to any questions you have at
this moment.
Yeah,
definitely add Doctor Li on LinkedIn if
you have any investment kind of questions.
Any questions folks?
Yeah.
So you mentioned like all the regulatory
testing that needs to go through to make
Mm hmm.
a drug.
Are there any limitations or regulations
from like FDA or some other regulatory
bodies that won't allow AI usage?
So right,
I think the main issue here is privacy,
right?
So unlike other countries,
us put particular emphas data accuracy,
especially from physicians.
That's kinda one barrier,
but the good thing is, you know,
recently the FDA dropped the requirement
for small animal testing.
For for a pre clinical trials.
So that's that's because now they believe
AI can do a better job than just putting
kill animals.
You know, make them suffer.
So it's another way of thinking about it.
A follow up question,
do you see any on your last slide you
Mm hmm.
mentioned that like all the AI or success
go back one more or go forward one more,
sorry.
Yeah,
this one success depends on the
availability of a substantial amount of
data.
Mm hmm.
Does this mean that,
like companies would have to share data
with each other?
Yeah,
that's that's what they are doing right
1st.
now, yeah.
OK.
Yes, very good insight.
Thank you.
I have a question about the.
Deal structure when it comes to seed and
pre seed funding.
Mm hmm.
So, you know,
we saw the graphs that you showed that
there's an increase in pre pre seed and
seed funding right now along with bigger
deal sizes.
Is there any correlation or causation
between those two?
When it comes to, you know,
giving up equity or anything like that in
those deals?
So that's a very good question.
And it depends on what kind of investors
you are talking to, right?
Seasonal investor, you know,
will ask for a reasonable stake.
It will not compromise the incentive from
founders to work hard for them.
You know, even though what I'm saying.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, that's kind of how I think about it.
So if if, like, say,
investors squeeze you really hard,
let's say usually you give 20 to 30% in
in terms of equity.
In exchange for investment, right,
if the investor come in,
squeeze you like over 80% or 60%.
And you think about, OK,
am I working for myself or am I working
for the investors who get benefits more?
So that'll kind of discourage.
The startup founders to work harder to
align their interests,
so a savvy investor will not do that
because they will syndicate usually.
For a rounds is not achieved fulfilled by
1 investor who will fund different global
investors to get to invest together to
form a group to complement their own
expertise and also strategic thinking
about why they want each other to be in
that around.
OK. That makes a lot of sense.
I love follow up question kind of.
Mm hmm.
Along with funding,
so we have less deals being made but a
higher size.
Are there anything that you're seeing
right now that are so different startups
are trying to compete with each other for
investments?
Are the ones who are getting the
investment setting themselves apart in a
certain?
Way or anything like that.
So.
The way I will think about it is.
When the the number of startups are
limited right 'cause?
If you remember the the graph I showed,
but the number of investors get some more.
So it depends on like what you need from
the investors.
When at some point you you'll receive
several several term sheets from
different investors.
The terms are definitely different and
you have to make a decision about which
one you think is best aligned with your
vision and Motiv.
So.
It is different and also it is difficult.
Understood. Yeah.
Thank you.
So I have a question.
So then based upon the current you know
on administration is calling found,
how does it hold on call help you guys
with fundraising and then how does it
affect the the post sender at this moment?
So right now we're having a town hall to
discuss it.
You know, sometime next next week.
So we'll see.
Freddy.
Yeah,
definitely will have some impact because
you see if you hear from the news that's
covered in Matthew, John Hopkins,
Yeah.
you will even they have a billion dollars
from federal government.
They're battling with that as well. Today,
Harvard decides to sue the federal
government regarding that decision. So.
It's going to have some impact on us as
well.
Back to the question about investments
investment, I think everyone knows,
as I mentioned earlier,
you want to find the category winner,
which is like place you on the top tier,
right in terms of in terms of startup.
Hmm.
So once you catch one of those category
winner and put the heavy bets there and
no matter what's the rest of the fund
performance,
at least you know you will return the
whole fund.
That's kind of how venture investing
works. You better one investment.
And how will give you like a hockey stick,
time to return and will give you one
investment will be enough to make your
life much better.
OK.
So I guess one last question for Maya and
I we sorry for you know we we your time
and maybe one last question.
So then if you do have, you know,
sufficient fund,
you do have sufficient money.
And what is the number one area?
That you would invest that having that
having AI involved?
So.
I think you know for because today I I
discuss about AI for drug discovery,
right?
So I think another area where we invest
is AI for healthcare, right?
OK.
How we how we would, you know, disrupt,
transform the healthcare industry that
the hospitals, the,
the insurance companies and that's where
where I would think about it.
Because first when nest capital intense
seconds you know.
Will be more.
Geared towards the traditions of virtual
investing.
Got it.
OK folks,
if you guys are interested in healthcare
and then here is an investor.
OK.
I I think this is.
This is about time.
Any other questions folks?
All right.
Thank you.
Thank you,
Doctor Nie for your time and for your
fantastic, insightful info presentation.
Thank you for one more time.
Another round of applause.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
Thank you, Eric.
Yeah. Thank you.
Alright, thank you so much.
I'll I'll share the recording with you
along with some some of the pictures I I
took during your presentation.
Thank you.
Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
OK folks, we take a 15 minute break.
So then we come back.
65354 How about that?
OK. Can I talk to you soon?
Sounds good.
All right.